Hahahaha
high cold
It's not that you don't believe in the mobile phone developed by Mr. Jing
Can you predict natural disasters?
Why cooperate?
It's just that the technology of my country is not as good as yours
How can I be qualified to cooperate with you?
You losers want to rebel, right?
What is the identity of Mr. Tsunamoto?
Working with Qin Feng is his great blessing
Qin Feng
Mr. Okamoto has a crush on a small business like Gorgeous
It's your blessing
How can a small business like Gorgeous dare to climb high?
Mr. Okamoto
Forget about cooperation
The monitor, uh, doesn't speak, no one treats you as dumb
Mr. Qi, the mobile phone you triggered is really advanced.
Our island country is willing to show enough sincerity
Request to cooperate with you
What support do you want?
Our island nation is willing to satisfy you
Please give the island countries a chance to cooperate
Well, since you are so sincere
Then I'll give you a chance.
Didn't you agree in the end?
What nonsense are you talking about?
Luxury is China's industry
It is impossible to cooperate with island countries
Dad, if you dare to be a foreign thief
I'll ignore you
Cooperation can
All it takes is a famous debut from the island country
The technology of the island country is not as good as that of China
And it can never be surpassed